First batch of 5.2 Release Notes (#2050)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.2/release-notes/5.2.md

For more information, see [Bringing Your Own Database]({< relref "../deploying-operating/vnodes/bring-your-own-db.md" >}).

#### Database Search Path

Database URLs can no longer specify the `search_path`. If you manually create users, you must specify their `search_path` for their schema. For more information, see [Manual Database Bootstrapping]({< relref "../deploying-operating/deployment/deploying/manual-bootstrapping.md" >}) and [Bringing Your Own Database]({< relref "../deploying-operating/vnodes/bring-your-own-db.md" >}).

### Application Networks

#### Changing the MGM Endpoint and Re-registering the MGM

It is now possible to re-register an MGM to update the MGM's member-provided context. For example, after a platform upgrade, after changes to the MGM's endpoint information, or if a previous attempt by the MGM to register failed.

For more information, see [Re-register an MGM]({< relref "../application-networks/creating/mgm/reregister.md" >}).

### REST API

#### Flow Status

The `GET flow/{holdingIdentityShortHash}` endpoint has been updated to take a flow status as an optional parameter.

> This enables you to filter the flow statuses returned to those of a particular status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to filter the flows returned to those of a particular status.
```

For more information see, [Managing Wrapping Keys](../deploying-operating/keys.md).

### CorDapp Development

#### Flow Session-Specific Timeout

The client can now specify a flow session-specific timeout on the Flow Message API. If the client does not provide a timeout value, Corda uses the value in the `corda.flow` configuration section, as in previous releases.

#### Web Socket

The web socket interface for retrieving flow status updates is no longer available.

#### Vault-Named Queries Null Parameters

It is now possible to specify null parameters in vault-named queries.

#### Send/Receive Transaction Flows

The following methods have been added to `UtxoLedgerService`:

* `sendTransaction` — sends a `UtxoSignedTransaction` transaction to counterparties.
* `receiveTransaction` — receives a verified transaction from a counterparty session and persists it to the vault.

For more information, see the [Javadocs](../../../../api-ref/corda/5.2/net/corda/v5/ledger/utxo/UtxoLedgerService.htmlapi-ref/corda/5.2/net/corda/v5/ledger/utxo/UtxoLedgerService.html).

## Fixed Issues

### Deployment

#### Token Selection Sharding and Ingress

> Enabling sharding for the token selection worker could interfere with Ingress enabled for the REST and P2P Gateway workers. This resulted in repeated updates to the status of the Ingress resources causing a loss in connectivity to the REST API or P2P Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling sharding for the token selection worker could interfere with Ingress enabled for the REST and P2P Gateway workers. This resulted in repeated updates to the status of the Ingress resources causing a loss in connectivity to the REST API or P2P Gateway. This issue has been resolved.
```
